Transformers Agents (#23214)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/custom_tools.mdx

> <!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--Copyright 2023 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.
```

  [diffusers/latent-upscaler-tool](https://huggingface.co/spaces/diffusers/latent-upscaler-tool) replace the existing image-transformation tool.

We'll start by loading the custom tools with the convenient [`load_tool`] function:

```py
from transformers import load_tool

controlnet_transformer = load_tool("diffusers/controlnet-canny-tool")
upscaler = load_tool("diffusers/latent-upscaler-tool")
```

Upon adding custom tools to an agent, the tools' descriptions and names are automatically
included in the agents' prompts. Thus, it is imperative that custom tools have
a well-written description and name in order for the agent to understand how to use them.
Let's take a look at the description and name of `controlnet_transformer`:

```py
print(f"Description: '{controlnet_transformer.description}'")
print(f"Name: '{controlnet_transformer.name}'")
```

gives 
```
Description: 'This is a tool that transforms an image with ControlNet according to a prompt. 
It takes two inputs: `image`, which should be the image to transform, and `prompt`, which should be the prompt to use to change it. It returns the modified image.'
Name: 'image_transformer'
```

> The name and description is accurate and fits the style of the [curated set of tools](https://moon-ci-docs.huggingface.co/docs/transformers/pr_23214/en/transformers_agents#a-curated-set-of-tools).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name and description is accurate and fits the style of the [curated set of tools](./transformers_agents#a-curated-set-of-tools).
```

8718a60c0aa6312.image_transformation.ControlNetTransformationTool object at 0x7f1d3bfa3a00> as provided in `additional_tools`
```

The set of curated tools already has a `image_transformer` tool which is hereby replaced with our custom tool.

<Tip>

Overwriting existing tools can be beneficial if we want to use a custom tool exactly for the same task as an existing tool 
because the agent is well-versed in using the specific task. Beware that the custom tool should follow the exact same API 
as the overwritten tool in this case.

</Tip>

The upscaler tool was given the name `image_upscaler` which is not yet present in the default toolbox and is therefore is simply added to the list of tools.
You can always have a look at the toolbox that is currently available to the agent via the `agent.toolbox` attribute:

```py
print("\n".join([f"- {a}" for a in agent.toolbox.keys()]))
```

```
- document_qa
- image_captioner
- image_qa
- image_segmenter
- transcriber
- summarizer
- text_classifier
- text_qa
- text_reader
- translator
- image_transformer
- text_downloader
- image_generator
- video_generator
- image_upscaler
```

Note how `image_upscaler` is now part of the agents' toolbox.

> Let's now try out the new tools! We will re-use the image we generated in (Transformers Agents Quickstart)[`transformers_agents#single-execution-run`].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's now try out the new tools! We will re-use the image we generated in (Transformers Agents Quickstart)[./transformers_agents#single-execution-run].
```

==Code generated by the agent==
image = image_transformer(image, prompt="A frozen lake and snowy forest")
```

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/transformers/rivers_and_lakes_winter.png" width=200> 

The new image processing tool is based on ControlNet which is can make very strong modifications to the image.
By default the image processing tool returns an image of size 512x512 pixels. Let's see if we can upscale it.

```py
image = agent.run("Upscale the image", image)
```

```
==Explanation from the agent==
I will use the following  tool: `image_upscaler` to upscale the image.

==Code generated by the agent==
upscaled_image = image_upscaler(image)
```

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/transformers/rivers_and_lakes_winter_upscale.png" width=400> 

The agent automatically mapped our prompt "Upscale the image" to the just added upscaler tool purely based on the description and name of the upscaler tool 
and was able to correctly run it.

Next, let's have a look into how you can create a new custom tool.

### Adding new tools

> In this section we'll add a new tool so that the agent may benefit from it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section we show how to create a new tool that can be added to the agent.
```
